Tweak based on Cullen's review (#49)
intarchboard/draft-protocol-maintenance: draft-iab-protocol-maintenance.md

significant value to the ecosystem by reporting the issue and helping evolve the
specification.

When a discrepancy is found between a specification and its implementation, a
maintenance discussion inside the standards process allows reaching consensus on

> how best to evolve the specification. This in turns can lead to updated
> implementations, with a stable state of specifications matching implementations.
> This ensures that implementations are consistently interoperable and removes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how best to evolve the specification. Updating implementations
to match specifications ensures that implementations are consistently interoperable and removes
```
